= Version Server =

== Description ==

'''Version Server''' is a servlet written in python using web.py.
The purpose of the servlet is to provide auto-incremented build numbers for projects being built on Jenkins
or other environments. It has a simple REST interface.

== The Interface ==

All functions are accessible as simple HTTP GET requests:

* /generate?project=''projectName''&v=''verMajor''.''verMinor''.''verThirdNumber''
** generates the build number for given project and first three version numbers and returns it and nothing else in the response
* /addproject?project=''projectName''
** adds a project to the database and returns its id and nothing else in the response
* /delproject?project=''projectName''
** deletes a project from the database
* /list
** lists all projects along with max version number

== Database ==

The server uses a MySql database named ''versionserver''.
The schema is described by DDL statements in the ''db/create.sql'' script.

=== Project table ===
The '''Project''' table contains list of all known projects. Each project has an integer primary identifier
and an unique name.

=== LastBuild table ===
The '''LastBuild''' table contains last build number for project id and triplet of major, minor and release number.
This table allows easy build number generation using one simple UPSERT operation, which is easier
than having a table with all the build numbers and just inserting into it.

=== BuildInfo table ===
'''TBI'''
The '''BuildInfo''' table contains additional information about a particular build. The build number is first generated
using UPSERT operation on the '''LastBuild''' table and then used as part of project id, full version tuple
to insert an entry into the '''BuildInfo''' table.

